hey guys so it's Alicia and today we're
going to be talking about one of the new
of map collections that comes out this
week in stores written shirts already
online but it comes out in stores this
Thursday and it's called alluring
aquatic and the whole theme if you
couldn't tell from the packaging is
underwater and that kind of jazz so
let's get started so the main thing that
I noticed about this collection is the
packaging Mac packaging can be really
cool or sometimes not so awesome this
packaging is super super super cool
because it actually looks like the
product is what so if you could see
there we go it actually looks like it
has drops of water on it no I did not do
that myself that's what I thought when I
first saw people posting pictures of
this I was like wow they really
committed to this collection with outing
the water but that's actually how it is
and I think it's so cool so all of the
pieces have kind of this bubbly texture
the only one that's different is the lid
to the lipgloss it looks like it but
it's more of like a rough feel instead
of the water droplets actually being
above the packaging and in addition to
the water look all of the packaging has
this beautiful turquoise color so I am
all about turquoise so this packaging is
really really really awesome so I have a
little bit of the collection for you
here today so I'm just gonna go through
the colors that I have so let's start
off with the eyeshadows because that's
probably my favorite part of this
collection so the eyeshadows also have a
design on them in addition to the
packaging looking really cool so you can
see what that looks like right there and
these are special eyeshadows these are
the extra dimension I shadow so I have
two of the colors here the first color
here is called sea worship and it's
described as a tarnished olive and so
the finish here is extra dimension
they've had this before because I know
I've seen the design here but it's a
very very soft I shadow that blends
really nicely and has really
texture so you can see that it
definitely has a lot of depth in the
color based off of this swatch the other
eyeshadow I have is called fathoms deep
and it's described as a deep blue I
really like this one because you can
really see in the swatch here that it
has a lot of dimension to it and it has
kind of a grayish tone to it but this is
a color I can see myself using and I was
really impressed by any color payoff and
so the price on each of these eyeshadows
is 1950 next products I want to talk
about are the extra dimension blushes so
these have that same really soft nice
color payoff texture that the eyeshadows
had so the first color I'm talking about
is called see me hear me and it is a
baby pink it has a little bit of a sheen
to it but it's not too much which is
what I prefer with blushes but this
watch is great because of the way it
applies you'll get a really nice look on
the cheeks without it being overwhelming
so it's not too pigmented it's a really
nice color
next shade is called seduced at sea and
it is a mid-tone neutral plum and so
that was what that one looks like again
looks really nice nice color payoff
without being too overwhelming for a
blush
so those are the two blushes in the
collection and they are available for
twenty seven fifty each so next I want
to talk about the lip products so we
have lipstick and the lip glass here so
we'll talk about the lipstick first so
this lipstick is called pet me please
and it's described as a light shimmering
mob this is a really light color and
it's definitely got some nice color
payoff it is a frost so it's definitely
gonna have that frosting this to it and
it's a very very light color so if
you're doing a very dark look on the
lids of your eyes it might work but it's
gonna be a bit of a different color for
people to pull off I think just because
it's a very very frosty it's very light
but slightly different topic I
definitely think
sticks here have the best packaging I
think that looks so awesome the lip
glass I have here is called seducing
sound and it's described as a mid-tone
plum wrong so this would actually work
really well with the lipstick I have and
it would definitely give it a little bit
more of a color and not have it be so
pale so prices here the lipsticks are
available for 1750 each and the lip
black is 1650 the last thing I have to
share is an email lacquers these are
really cool because they thought like a
really neat duochrome to them so
generally I'm not a huge fan of Mackey
nail lacquers but these are pretty
awesome the first one is called
submerged and it is a dark teal chrome
and so you can just see from when I'm
holding it up just that really cool dual
chrome like you've got the purple and
the blue and it's just pretty awesome so
that's what it looks like on my nails
the next one is called Neptune and it's
a tarnished gold and again you can just
see all of the different colors playing
in here you've got kind of some greens
some dark golden colors the bright gold
it's just a really cool color so that's
what that looks like on the nails and so
these are available for 1750 each which
I always thought that Mac nail lacquers
are pretty expensive and I know that
I've seen a color like this one
especially before from China Glaze or
OPI are one of those but these are
pretty cool colors considering alright
so that is my look into the alluring
aquatic collection
I definitely think if you are a
packaging junkie and you really like to
find unique packaging this is something
to check out because they really I think
they really did a good job with this I
really like the eyeshadows especially
this one which is fathoms deep and I
think the blushes are really nice too
overall I really really do like all of
the stuff that I have from this
collection so let me know if you're
going to check this out or if you've
already purchased some of it online or
what really is catching your eye here
and I'll see you guys soon